Joe this is recap reps we're about to
run down Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy you
ready for this
Batman Begins two kids playing Finders
Keepers well surprise me say jeepers
craving for his food was keep dreaming
up these right and creatures spoilers
they become his most defining feature we
daddy's here to teach his little boy to
be tough now why do we fall so we can
get back up
who's the opera fans mom pearls dance
talk freak out get some air back bang
that stock / bored Himalayas blue flower
in the Hills lord kars particular set of
skills and brats you pass kill this man
that's a no ghost out an executioner
he'll just run down your dojo back to
Gotham readjust and get the Batcave up
and running get some gadgets was lucky
days jumpin batty punching up the crane
and his bass - and scary therapy know
about the other drugs from the car water
birds bats relax a shot across into the
eyes
thanks to Wayne Enterprise now the [ __ ]
is weaponize happy birthday Bruce are
you ready for your big surprise also
goes alive no it was the white guy Manor
fire bruce fat down from place savior
well Gotham Zoo football's greatest ko
by a faceless runaway train bottled like
a philosophic you don't mind your
surroundings the results are
catastrophic
my memories in the ash tree track
through this does the Batman cannot have
you bad see no keys we run into snafus I
never said thank you to never have to
that was pop one yup we're just getting
started
let's keep this party moving storm it
let's draw paint heist crazy guys are
bucking the clown mask long hunk of all
crackers driver bus crash mob guys
Rottweilers tie it up impostor bats
gives you the right man I'm not wearing
hockey pads far be dead white knight
locking up the criminal is dating
Richard Dawes who looks cool Maggie
Gyllenhaal Bob's in a pickle but the
Joker's got a magic trick Holly hit B
scarlet stories always relative Hong
Kong faked a crash the Bob's accountant
party at the Wayne place County Judge
the Commissioner definite every turn
some men just want to watch the world
burn Gordon gets shot Harvey starts to
lose his head truck chase truck flip
JK Gordon's hot dead good cop bad cop
but now you got a doozy a obey either
way you're gonna lose Joker gets away
now we're entering a new phase
Harvey turn the corner and now you come
to you everything is chaos nothing here
estate grazer Bruce Lucius have to get
up on some better say [ __ ] who spoke to
not explode catches Joker by the tone
doing this forever well now sadly no
Gordon's family is in danger from the
coin to make decisions Batman jumps and
it dies fulfilling
birds are flying after what we need
taken bags to the spotlight
we'll listen but we know we'll be
alright Guardian watchful protector your
night that was part of baby
alright P to the Oscar winner Heath
Ledger okay let's finish up strong here
we go three who the prisoners one of
which famous band has a plan and escapes
on a plane recluse Bruce bad beards
Linda when he walks straight up chained
and robbed by a cat like foxes a cop
John Blake always searching for the
truth but does he know who Batman is
Bruce its Bruce Bane racist I can change
Batman gets back in the game 506 they
can container bunnies go all that way oh
we can't hang loose broke keeps the
mansion Bailey's house the plot point
Wayne's got a new boss Oh miss Tate then
take her back to your place to see your
CEO Phase II while kicking ass [ __ ]
team bad cat no she goes behind his back
and gets his freakin spine status recut
goes underground to smoke out the end of
a cosmic bubbles every Street pine for
MTV News goes to well prison all guys
spittin yarn chiropractic timing action
third time's a charm cuz the gossip in
the wintertime and anarchistic glazes
the Popo on his side Batman bus-based
face I stab Longstaff
takes Ra's al Ghul's daughter Bruce Cruz
or twice says she crashes like a father
bad cat kisses say goodbyes with emotion
fly over the ocean three two one
explosion
grandstanding money for the orphanage
I'll provide some old friends new phones
with your father the back kick
coordinates no one's ever gonna do
Batman like oh it did
Dark Knight trilogy
we top preps see you next time
sup guys thanks for watching if you like
this video let us know in the comments
what you want to see us do a recap up
next and make sure you check out these
other super dope videos of ours and of
course hit that subscribe button to stay
up to date on all the latest videos see
you next time whoops oh now